DOCS-11518-mqtt3-first-version-kt (#1579)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: mqtt3/1.0.0/modules/ROOT/pages/mqtt3-connector-publish.adoc

= Publish Messages to an MQTT Broker with MQTT3 Connector

> The MQTT3 Connector allows you to publish a message to the desired topic and with a specific quality of service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MQTT3 Connector enables you to publish a message to the desired topic and with a specific quality of service (QoS).
```
